# Directory Structure Analyzer

This Go script analyzes the directory structure of a project, providing detailed information about each file, including its size, location, and content. It's designed to be a helpful tool for developers to understand and manage the files in their project efficiently.

## Features

- **File Size Calculation**: Calculates and displays the size of each file.
- **File Location**: Shows the hierarchical location of each file within the project directory.
- **File Content Display**: Prints the content of each file.
- **Exclusion Logic**: Ignores specified files and directories, configurable via a `.readerignore` file.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Go (Golang) installed on your system.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository or download the `main.go` script to your project directory.
2. Ensure that Go is properly installed and set up on your system.

### Usage

1. Navigate to the directory where `main.go` is located.
2. Run the script using the Go command:

   ```sh
   go run main.go

## Output File

The script will generate a file named `files_structure.txt` in your directory, containing the analysis of your project's structure. This file includes details such as:

- The size of each file within the project.
- The location of each file in the directory structure.
- The contents of each file.

## `.readerignore` File

Upon initial run, the script creates a default `.readerignore` file. This file specifies patterns for files and directories that the script should ignore during analysis. These patterns help in focusing the analysis on relevant files, thereby enhancing efficiency and reducing clutter in the output.

You are encouraged to modify the `.readerignore` file according to the specific needs of your project. Common patterns and use cases include:

- **Version Control Directories**: Typically `.git` directories, where version control data is stored.
- **Node Modules**: The `node_modules` directory, which can contain a large number of files from node dependencies and usually doesn't need to be analyzed.
- **IDE-Specific Directories**: Such as `.vscode` and `.idea`, which contain configurations and settings specific to individual development environments.
- **Operating System-Generated Files**: Files like `.DS_Store` (macOS) and `Thumbs.db` (Windows), which are automatically generated by the operating system.
- **Log Files**: Any files ending with `.log`, which are generally log files created by various applications.
- **Temporary Files**: Files like `*~` and `*.swp`, which are temporary files created by text editors and other tools.

By customizing this file, you can tailor the directory analysis to better suit the nature and requirements of your project.
